BUG: set_precision format fixed (#13257) (#27934)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

Other
^^^^^
- Trying to set the ``display.precision``, ``display.max_rows`` or ``display.max_columns`` using :meth:`set_option` to anything but a ``None`` or a positive int will raise a ``ValueError`` (:issue:`23348`)

> - Bug in :meth:`pandas.io.formats.style.Styler.default_display_func` because wasn't displaying decimals digits as supposed (:issue:`13257`)

Reviewer: Sorry, I misread this earlier. `default_display_func` isn't a method on Styler, it's a closure.

Rather, just describe the behavior and change. Something like

```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`pandas.io.formats.style.Styler` formatting for floating values not displaying decimals correctly (:issue:`13257`)
```

> - Bug in pandas io formats style : fixed function default_display_func because wasn`t displaying decimals digits as supposed (:issue:`13257`)

Reviewer: refer to the method on styler. :meth:\`...\` 

"wasn't" should use an apostrophe, not a backtick.

Author: My bad...
fixed
